my name is Hamada this is the third time
I have moved from Gaza City to the South
I used to work at the biggest restaurant
in Gaza the Thailand more than 170
people used to work there but it was
completely
destroyed since I love what I do to help
my parents and siblings I decided to
start a street food business many people
encouraged me and advised me to start
the small business despite the of
resources and the unavailability of
cooking gas flour and
meat so we came to the nud area on ruer
and with meager and simple equipment we
created something out of nothing we made
something simple that people liked and I
started attracting more
people my former restaurant was the
source of our income our dreams and
childhood I worked there for more than
18 years when we heard that it sustained
partial destruction we thought we could
go back and work with whatever remained
in place but after a few days it was
completely destroyed all our memories
all our
dreams today the Basic Essentials of
Life are lacking people are not living
we are not living we implore the whole
world we just want to live but no matter
how hard the conditions are we try to
make our customers happy and we have
many
fans make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz